PHASE 2A & 2B:
WORK PACKAGES 25/26 FINANCIAL YEAR
Ongoing work packages
In progress
WP103: App redeployment
Re-evaluating the Talk with Me app and making
decision on whether to redeploy to the app stores
and as a service offer from CHSS
In progress
WP109: Supported Self Management tool scoping/
co-design exercise
Co-design with Humanly and different CHSS teams
to fully understand requirements of the supported self
management tool and build a scope of work and final
design for phase 1 of the tool.
In progress
WP111: Define Service user profile and Service
database design
Design the architecture and infrastructure to facilitate
specification decided in the brief including; integration
with D365, setting up clinical data store, impact measure
planning, API, Analytics, Web/Native approach, Auth (Scot
Account), National Digital Platform consideration
In progress
WP112: Cyber Security
Get Cyber Essentials certification and regular
penetration testing and audit of systems
In progress
WP113: Setup of PowerBI Health Board Reporting
Dashboard
Data cleansing and improving how we’re collecting and
reporting data. Setup PowerBI dashboards reporting on
services and service users across health boards
In progress
WP114: Onboarding outstanding services into D365
Continue onboarding services, processes and
evaluation data into D365 and update the referral portal
to support wider services and user needs.
WP115 Raiser’s Edge/Finanical System Integration
Explore and define Raiser’s Edge integration with
our financial information to share finance data and
fundraising figures.
2A: Future state design
WP201: Core data services
The design and build of the core data services; API
setup, Database design and setup, Data modelling,
Design of data store of features that were established by
WP111
WP202: Web app build
Build out V1 of Supported Self Management tool as
per spec and outcome of WP109 and WP111. Built as a
web-based portal ready for testing.
WP203: User testing of SSM tool
User testing of the tool with an identified user group to
gather feedback and understand effectiveness/issues
before further refinement.
WP204: Build out of mobile apps
Build out v1 of mobile applications considering defined
scope and findings from WP202 web build and WP203
user testing.
WP205: integrations
Integrating with any relevant services identified in the
scope of work.
WP206: User testing of full SSM tool
Fuller user testing of the tool for quality control and user
understanding of tool for launch considerations.
WP207: Rollout
Deployment into CHSS infrastructure and rollout
monitoring
WP208: Future integrations
Integrating with external services, such as Scot account
for service user sign-up or EMIS for GP referral
2B: E-Learning
WP209: E-learning Course Deployment to TURAS
Packaging up of relevant courses for deployment on
TURAS for professional CPD within Scotland. Daysix
could collaborate with NES to test one course and see
what’s possible and how courses would appear on
TURAS and what data comes back.
WP211: Replicating the SSM model digitally
Replication of the SSM course via our LMS and
integrated with our self management tool, subject to
discussions with SMRC.
2B: Digital Assets
In progress
WP210: Website redesign and build
Website redesign alongside further back end
improvements. Integrating Laravel and Livewire with
Wordpress as dependency