OVERVIEW OF
CURRENT SETUP
CHSS’ entire digital landscape has been reviewed
and mapped to understand our current situation and
the steps needed to get us to a position where we
could launch an excellent digital tool to support self
management.
We have good foundations
The overwhelming positive is that CHSS has good
foundations to build upon and little to no backwards
steps need to be taken to move forward.
A well-structured and effective case management
system is already in place in D365, with work currently
taking place to ensure all our services can be managed
easily through the system. It’s a great platform to be the
basis of a self management system and is both scalable
and has all the features available for us to build an
integrated self management tool.
Our other systems and platforms work well for their
specific uses. Doing this initial audit allows us to ensure
they are connected to each other in a way that makes
sense for streamlined operations and processes and
effective reporting.
Key Strengths
The strengths of our current system that we want
to keep are:
• We have successfully implemented D365, a
system capable of achieving the integrations
and experience we aspire to. It is a great
platform to build upon.
• The structure of CHSS case management
is sensible and scalable to meet the needs
of deeper integration and richer data
management in the future.
• Many of the services are highly ‘digital ready’
and it’s easy to see a pathway to deliver the
service, or refer into, and enhance the service
through a digital tool.
• CHSS is an organisation with a huge amount
of appetite and energy for improving care
and embracing digital. We are perfectly
placed to deliver something world leading.
Chest Heart & Stroke Scotland | DIGITAL ROADMAP | April 2025 Key Issues
The issues we know we need to address
• Many of our systems are not yet integrated,
which makes it trickier to get a full picture of
our data. We want to continue developing
our reporting and dashboards to provide
more automated, live views of data.
• We want digital to enhance the service
experience, not replace it where other
channels are more beneficial. We are
passionate about ensuring our service users
get the best experience and will ensure
digital pathways, services and processes
provide the best levels of support. Digital
content and tools provide opportunities for
service users to amplify and continue their
experience with us between appointments.
• Service delivery is highly variable. We offer
different types of services, delivered in
different formats, with different desired
outcomes. It is going to be a challenge
to standardise the experience and ensure
recording and reporting across the service is
consistent.