Regardless of the chronic condition, people have similar
challenges with self management. People can learn the
skills needed to better manage their diseases day to day
which can help them lead happier and healthier lives.
Our ambition is that every person with our conditions
should have access to world class supported self
management and community recovery.
Core to achieving this is a need for a digital offering
from CHSS that empowers individuals to manage their
care and access resources and services.
Our digital infrastructure requires an overhaul to meet
this need. We have defined our current setup, identified
future requirements, and created this digital roadmap
that details the journey we need to take to get there.
Supported Self Management
Our goal is to create a tool for our service users and
other audiences, that guides and steers their interaction
with CHSS and the services available to them. Giving
them transparency of the care they can receive, the
ability to take control of their condition, and the steps
they can take to manage and improve their situation.
The tool is focused around two key priorities:
• Helping people manage and organise their care
– including reviewing and updating goals and
managing appointments.
• Highlighting services and resources that are relevant
to them to help manage their condition and
encouraging and prompting them to access those
services.
Where possible for transparency, progress and
completion should be displayed in the tool so it
captures the user progress and can motivate and
support them. For example, progress through learning
modules or a summary of recent calls.
Chest Heart & Stroke Scotland | DIGITAL ROADMAP | April 2025 Aligned to our strategic goals
This work is prompted by and closely aligned to
the strategic goals of CHSS and an underlying
vision to deliver world class supported self
management. It relates a number of goals
including:
Reach additional 175’000 people through
application of SSM&CR model
Strive to have SSM and CR services in every
board by 2028
Design develop and launch a new Learning
management system