POSITIVE IMPACT
ACROSS CHSS
Our people
We want to continue developing our internal
capabilities to improve collaboration and
communication, streamline processes, provide
opportunities for skills development, and offer
more opportunities to access and use data.
Service development
Use of digital technologies will make it easier
for us to identify opportunities for future
service developments and partnerships. We’re
streamlining our systems and processes to ensure
we’re able to provide the right information to help
manage these relationships.
eLearning capabilities
Launching a learning management system
means we can bring our courses and materials
into one place, allowing professionals to gain
certifications and individuals to learn more about
their conditions. Integrations with other systems
means we can better monitor progress and
recommend learning opportunities.
Volunteering
We want to look at opportunities to continue to
develop our volunteering platform, Assemble,
with future integrations and reporting. We hope
improved processes, technology and digital skills
development will improve the experience of our
volunteers.
Income generation
We’ll provide an improved digital experience
for our audience and volunteers, develop more
opportunities for data analysis and reporting,
and ensure we have the infrastructure in place to
deliver the income generation strategy.
Operations and governance
We’ll use digital, data and technology to support
operations at CHSS, including safeguarding and
risk management. We’ll continue to maintain
and improve our information governance and
cybersecurity standards.
Chest Heart & Stroke Scotland | DIGITAL ROADMAP | April 2025 Service delivery
We will integrate and streamline existing systems
to improve the experience for our colleagues and
service users. We will use new technologies to
support our service users with self management
of their conditions and provide recommendations
based on their circumstances.
Communications
Integrating our systems and developing our data
capabilities will give us a better understanding of
how our audience interacts with us, allowing us
to provide more tailored communications. We’ll
continue to develop our website and other digital
touchpoints.
Finance
We’ll continue to develop our finance support
with our reporting and software capabilities,
including integrations between systems to make
reporting easier and more efficient.