PHASE 2A & 2B: BUILD 25/26 FINANCIAL YEAR
Phase 2 is focussed on implementing the learning from
the usability and technical design work in phase 1 to
build out the first version of their self management app.
As well as this, some further developments of other
parts of the system will be possible as a result of phase
1 work.
Digital Assets
Further work has also been identified to improve the
design and user flows of the CHSS website. Especially
as new offerings come online and a repositioning of
CHSS’ offer will be required.
Redesigning the CHSS website to serve the new
opportunities given by improvements in Phase 1 and
maximising the potential of the coming changes.
Opportunities
CHSS hold an ambition to move fast and be
innovative to offer something truly world class.
That an exciting opportunity and the design and
release cycle should match. Building, releasing,
testing and learning to hone something fantastic.
Future state design
Phase 1 work packages will deliver a final design and
data structure required for version 1 of self management
app. This can be interrogated to design the packages
of development work required and a release schedule
for the tool. Focus will be placed on releasing often and
early in order to get the tool in the hands of users to test
and learn. Iterative and continuous feedback will shape
the tool and the development priorities to build towards
a releasable version.
Risks
A balance needs to be struck with a desire
to release something as soon as possible yet
launching a tool that people can trust and
improves their experience. A robust plan for
evaluating the tool will need to be established to
ensure organisational confidence.
E-Learning
With e-learning courses updated and future-
proofed they will can be deployed into any learning
management system. With this change, work can be
undertaken to host the courses in TURAS if we chose to,
to offer a clearer CPD route for those working within the
NHS in Scotland. This also gives us the capability to
develop a digital version of our SSM model.
It will allow progress to be taken with generation
income from the professional courses outside of
the UK. Either through individuals taking the courses or
through agreements with other countries’ CPD
provision.
Chest Heart & Stroke Scotland | DIGITAL ROADMAP | April 202