PHASE 1: PREPARATION The preparation phase is about getting ducks in a row
in order to deliver something world class in Supported
self management. A large amount of work is already
underway and further packages of work has been
identified that need to be completed to address
immediate needs as well as prepare CHSS for these
exciting changes.
E-learning
Current e-learning courses are well used and well
regarded by service users and professionals. The
courses are an important part of CHSS’ future and
empowering individuals to educate themselves about
their condition.
A package of work is still underway to determine best
route forward but it is expected all courses will need
to be re-authored on a course building to future-proof
them and maximise their usefulness and applicability.
Reworking will allow them to be deployable to any
chosen LMS, be surfaced within the SSM digital tool as
well as deployable to national CPD learning platforms
like TURAS.
Digital assets
CHSS’ have a number of digital assets, websites and
mobile applications. They are in various states of
upkeep and use and a number of work packages have
been defined to evaluate their future importance and
restore them to industry standard if required. This would
allow the digital assets that we feel are important and
have longevity to be in a good state for referring into by
CHSS team or our digital platform.
Housekeeping
Work is already underway in improving reporting and
recording cases digitally. More and more services
are being onboarded onto D365 for their case
management and data is already being prepped
for PowerBI, a powerful reporting tool that’s part of
Microsoft’s suite of tools. Work will continue in these
areas as well as some work on our IT security too.
Integrations
As well as D365 as our case management, some
specific pieces of software are used across CHSS to
serve particular needs (e.g. Assemble for volunteer
management or Raiser’s Edge for fundraising). Part
of a change requires these tools to integrate and
share information more effectively and in line with
governance requirements. We will be exploring
integrations of these tools.
Future state work
With preparation work ongoing on existing assets
and infrastructure, an in-depth exercise needs to be
undertaken to fully understand, scope and design what
our future tool looks like.
Two work packages designing the tool with CHSS team
and users will need to be carried out. This will cover
both the user experience and functionality of the SSM
tool as well as the technical and data design of D365
and CHSS’s Case Management to facilitate the design
and maximise the opportunity.
Chest Heart & Stroke Scotland | DIGITAL ROADMAP | April 2025 NOW - APR 2025
Opportunities
Once parts of the system are in their final state we
don’t need to wait for SSM tool launch to benefit
from the change. Apps can be sign-posted,
E-learning in new LMS could have service users
routed to it.
TURAS are ready and willing to support testing
e-learning material form CHSS in their system.
Risks
Many of the work packages will require significant
input from the CHSS team but business as usual
at CHSS is a significant undertaking and can’t
suffer. Work and input will need to planned
carefully.
Governance of service user information with
volunteer input is complicated. Assemble
integration will need to be managed carefully and
with consideration for long-term implications
Services are varied both in specifics of delivery
and personnel delivering. Onboarding into D365
and designing a future state will need to be done
in tandem and may require compromise from
both